Feature: Leo function inline and visibility (#157)
AleoHQ/welcome: documentation/leo/03_language.md

### Record

A [record](../concepts/02_records.md) data type is declared as `record {name} {}`.
Records contain component declarations `{visibility} {name}: {type},`.

A visibility can be either `constant`, `public`, or `private`.
Users may also omit the visibility, in which case, Leo will default to `private`.

Record data structures must contain the `owner` and `gates` components as shown below.

> When passing a record as input to a program function, the `_nonce: group`, component is also required

Reviewer: `_nonce: group`, => `_nonce: group` — i.e. no comma

> When passing a record as input to a program function, the `_nonce: group`, component is also required

Author: ```suggestion
When passing a record as input to a program function, the `_nonce: group` component is also required
```

### Helper Function

A helper function is declared as `function {name}() {}`.
Helper functions contain expressions and statements that can compute values,

> however helper functions cannot produce `records`.

Reviewer: Can they take records? If they don't, we might say 'cannot consume or produce'. If they do, the text is good as is.

> Helper functions that cannot be executed directly. Instead, they must be called by other functions.

Reviewer: There's a stray 'that'.

You may also consider rephrasing the first sentence as "Helper functions cannot be called directly from the outside." (Not sure which one is better though.)

> Helper functions that cannot be executed directly. Instead, they must be called by other functions.

Author: ```suggestion
Helper functions cannot be called directly from the outside. Instead, they must be called by other functions.
```

}
```

### Inline Function

An inline function is declared as `inline {name}() {}`.
Inline functions contain expressions and statements that can compute values.

> Inline functions that cannot be executed directly, 

Reviewer: Remove stray 'that'. Also, you could consider rephrasing (or not) as proposed above for helper functions.

> Inline functions that cannot be executed directly, 

Author: ```suggestion
Inline functions cannot be executed directly from the outside, 
```

> instead the Leo compiler “inlines” the body of the function at each call site.

Reviewer: You could omit the double quotes around "inlines": it's a proper technical term.

> instead the Leo compiler “inlines” the body of the function at each call site.

Author: ```suggestion
instead the Leo compiler inlines the body of the function at each call site.
```
